how much the stuff you do how many of
your so-called goals you know are just
there cuz you're scared of being alone
in a room
you're just making them up to feel
productive the only wrong way to do a
day is to believe there's a right way to
do a day you know it's to waste your
time worrying about if you're doing it
right everybody welcome to impact Theory
you're here my friends because you
believe that human potential is nearly
limitless but you know that having
potential is not the same as actually
doing something with it so our goal with
this show and company is to introduce
you to the people and ideas that will
help you actually execute on your dreams
all right today's guest is a
grammy-nominated singer songwriter poet
rapper and music producer who has
written hits for both himself and a
star-studded cast of artists including
Pharrell Williams Big Sean 2 Chainz Wiz
Khalifa Avicii Nick Jonas and countless
others his smash hit I took a pill in
Ibiza
dominated the global charts it was
streamed roughly 1 billion times on
Spotify and roughly the same number of
video views on YouTube and reached the
top 10 in 27 countries his songs please
don't go and cooler than me have been
certified platinum and double platinum
respectively and the monster hit songs
sugar which he co-wrote from maroon 5
and boyfriend which he co-wrote for
Justin Bieber together have been viewed
over 3 billion times on YouTube alone
but what makes his story so interesting
isn't just the insane level of success
it's that he gained it all lost it and
then managed to gain it all back after
the explosive success of his freshman
album he struggled to make another hit
in fact he recorded two sophomore albums
both of which his label refused to
release and he was ultimately dropped
from the record company and slid back
into obscurity totally disillusioned
with Fame and the trappings of success
but convinced he had more to give he
embarked on an incredible journey of
self-discovery that led him to
transcendental meditation solitude India
the Landmark Forum and
whole lot of truth he gave away most of
his possessions bought a van lived in it
and traveled around the country playing
music for free and not unsurprisingly
this period of introspection found its
way into his music and from that the
mega hit I took a pill in Ibiza was born
now with a bigger platform than ever
he's not only making amazing music he's
sharing what he's learned along the way
so please help me in welcoming the
author of teardrops and balloons and the
host of the podcast what does this all
mean multi-platinum artist Mike Posner
thank you so much for coming on the show
man do it feel like I can just leave now
just mic dropping boom if I got yeah
call it a day
now man that was think honestly that the
funny thing is and I get that response
frequently from people and the truth is
I'm literally just trying to find the
the honest through line of you it's
powerful because when someone sees you
in a way that you don't necessarily see
yourself you can start to see yourself
that way so that's being conceptually
right then like 30 seconds ago
you said a few things one like you added
up the number of the songs I've written
for other people and how many some bit
like billion I have no idea 3 billion
that's just you yeah I had no idea and
then secondly you said with a with now
with a larger platform than ever which
is true but I never thought about that
until right now
so you acknowledging me is it's changed
my concept of myself it's a it's
actually really interesting and I know
exactly what you mean and what I found
so interesting diving into your story
was how you've really ridden the journey
of self-discovery and I it what I love
is when everything seemed to be falling
apart you double down on you and
figuring you out rather than doubling
down on just music so that was pretty
interesting were you consciously aware
of like I want to find myself or was it
just about peace like what was dry
no I was I feel like I don't deserve
much credit in the matter it more felt
like I had to so here's what I mean you
know I I put out my first record and the
first single I put out from the record
was a song called cooler than me and it
like exploded and I'm like 22 or at the
time ish and I thought oh great this is
what happens when I put out singles like
it's just incredible because it was my
first one and my concept of myself like
who I actually was for me was popular
young successful like yeah successful
artist young young gun and fast forward
a year to later though like I couldn't
deny that those the words didn't
describe me anymore like everyday I was
becoming less popular I was becoming
less successful and I feel like I was
forced to ask the question if if that's
not who I am then Who am I you know and
it's really a privilege to ask that
question I had I try to try to remind
myself of that and talk about on my
podcast a lot which you know typically
we you know we all know the cliches you
raise to believe like money or success
or notoriety or attention from the
opposite sex will like fill you up and
solve all your problems and people
always told me my whole life that's not
the case you know like I heard with my
ears in my brain but I didn't really
believe with my heart and I didn't like
really live a life that reflected me
knowing those things so I had to find
out for myself so what I do like all the
people that told me money can buy
happiness in my head I would say you
just haven't made enough money yeah like
I'm gonna make more than you and then
I'll be happier than you and so I had to
find out for myself
and it's a privilege to at 20 to make
money achieve those get attention from
the opposite sex achieve notoriety and
realize hey I actually feel exactly the
same I didn't really feel worth I don't
think it really made my experience of
life worse but it didn't make it better
which was scary because I really thought
it was going to and so now I have the
privilege of asking if not that then
what and I don't know the answer yet how
do you even embark on that like that is
such a big question like that's in some
ways that's more daunting to me than if
somebody said I needed to break into the
music industry doubt that at least seems
more straightforward like okay I'd start
a YouTube channel I'd learn the music
obviously that'd be a good start for me
but you play you put it out there you
know what I mean you hope you attract an
audience but answering the question of
what does this all mean like where did
you start I was between write like I was
kind of during this period and I went to
the studio with my friend Big Sean and I
know he dropped people's names on the
photos read your thing you're gonna be
dropping a lot of names today so yeah
okay crazy it's just like you we live in
LA like you meet people but I want to
distinguish Sean from like unusual name
drop because Big Sean and I were friends
in Detroit like when we were both 18 and
of high school we met before either of
us had any success and he used to come
to my mom's house we'd make music in my
mom's but he caused my mom mom you know
like when you played his first like
homecoming show and he Troy like parents
were in the front row that's cool so
it's like a real it's kind of different
anyways as a long introduction to the
actual story which was I'm in this I'm
in this sort of down period and Sean
invites me to the studio in LA now we
both live in LA so I go to the studio
and this guy's just like glowing you
know in his career after like years of
stagnation his career is taking off
got his first hit and he's won at this
like when I'm saw him in the studio he
was one of those guys where you just
felt good at being around so I just like
I went back to studio the next day with
I think what's going on with you what's
up with you he's like you gotta read
these two books first one was the
alchemist and the second one was asking
it is given by Esther and Jerry Hicks
which is like kind of out there that
book but it's all about the law of
attraction and Shaw now if he still does
we used to carry with them everywhere oh
and it's like the cover was all like
worn and like it's a serious book and is
about basically you get what you think
about and that light I think that really
set me off
so I started yes I like exploring
different belief systems and I still AM
and and did you find that that was
alleviating some of the because so I
went through similar ish not not sort of
a have and then lose but I'm in film
school thought of myself as an artist
very much thought I was gonna break into
the industry I had created so you
there's basically three big movements in
film school and first of all getting
into film school statistically at USC
it's harder to get into USC film school
than Harvard Law so getting in I was
already like I'm the man and then I did
very well in the first two movements and
then there's a fourth thing that you do
we're only four people in the entire
class get to direct which is called a
four eighty and so it's like really
coveted everybody wants to do it and I
had done so well in the ones leading up
I got selected as one of the four and so
I just thought this is it man I'm gonna
direct this film I'm gonna get the three
picture deal when I graduate it's all
gonna be set like everything I've ever
dreamed about it's about to come true
and then I completely [__] up the film
and it is just embarrassing it's so
embarrassing in fact I steal the master
so that it could never be seen again and
then I'm lost I've graduated now and I
have no idea where I'm going and so
beginning to pursue self-development was
really an act of self-preservation it
was me I felt so like claustrophobic
make in that sense of like I failed I am
a failure I'm not good enough I'm not
smart enough and that this is forever
it's like a death sentence is exactly
how it felt and I remember the time at
the period my life I would just lay on
the carpet in my apartment I was too
poor to afford furniture and so I just
lay on the carpet and the thing that got
me getting back up was finding things
anything books songs everything that had
some sort of sense of you can do
something with your life like you can
change your circumstances
so alleviated that that sense of
oppression that it got me going again is
that what was starting to happen for you
in that period yeah also thing is just
like kind of exciting to look at life
the way that those two books like
presented and it's still like it's a
it's another lens through which to look
at like reality it was more fun to think
I'm the author of my life and I can and
I have a save by what I think about and
what I do it by what happened I control
what my outcomes and what happens thing
it was like more it was exciting to like
try out I found it in my in it's so far
to really be true and that you are the
author of your own life yeah and I think
that I always believed I was going to
another like wave in the music industry
during that time I visualize like
playing on Jimmy Fallon you know and
then like a year to later I was on Jimmy
Fallon playing so if you can author your
life and make it whatever you want like
what's the plan what do you hope that it
adds up to mmm that's a great question
and it changes daily you know definitely
like a family children
that's something that I I wanted for a
long time but I would I pretended like I
didn't because I thought I couldn't do
like I couldn't do my career and that at
the same time and then I realized I made
that up that I can't do those at the
same time somewhere along the line and
so I think that's like that's one of the
things I have a more gargantuan goal I'm
working on now it's sort of like so
impossible it might be possible which is
to have the entire world observe
International Peace Day I find it very
interesting and very relevant to what
you've gone on that your obsession is
sort of thinking about how we change our
perspective on ourselves on other people
one of the things in researching you
that I found really interesting was your
time at Landmark
and me to tell you tell tell us about
that and then specifically the part
where you were saying that you'd created
this story about yourself as a kid yeah
so like we've talked about been doing a
lot of like work on myself I'm
meditating everyday I'm reading like the
Bhagavad Gita's going to India and I've
done all these things you know
meditation retreat I'm Network around us
and I had a couple friends that
mentioned they've done this thing called
the Landmark Forum in it and then they
got a lot of it so like if I have three
friends tell me somethings like good
I'll try it out you know so I go to this
like office building there's like white
woman leaving it was like kind of like
an NSYNC microphone and honor thing and
she's like all right now we're gonna
this is gonna change your life I'm like
oh it's not and we're gone through it's
three days long and fall days like 9:00
a.m. to 10:00 p.m. your breaks to eat
but like otherwise you're in there and
she's saying all this stuff
like I know this I know this I know this
I know this I know that already and by
the end of it I realize like I think
this thing like really worked somehow
but the your question like there's the
first thing they were distinguished in
there's there's a difference between
what happened and your story about what
happened so in my case like I was I was
on the basketball team in high school
and I didn't play on the basketball team
I rode the bench and 3/4 of the way
through the season I built up all this
courage I'm meeting with the coach in
his office and I said coach why don't
you ever play me and he looked at me and
he goes don't play you because you're
not good enough and in the moment I
tried really hard not to I started to
cry and I was embarrassed I was crying
and then my head I said he doesn't know
how special I am and I'll show him and
so what happened was he said I wasn't
good enough which was true I wasn't good
enough to play so I didn't play you know
he didn't like have some like personal
thing against me that's what happened my
story about what happened was he doesn't
understanding me he doesn't see how good
I am and I'll show him and not only that
no one understands me
that's how I was living my life and it
took this lady in an office building
liked it for me to see that so what are
some of the the bricks that have been
transformational for you so obviously
going to the landmark realizing the
story that you tell yourself about
yourself is important and that you
really need to take ownership of that
the very fact that you are the author of
your own life that seems like it was
another big one I know that you did this
seven-day retreat of total isolation
which sounds so painful and then makes
me think God do I have to do it because
I'm so afraid of it maybe but walk us
through that
you're by the way your podcast is
phenomenal for anybody that really wants
to get into like self transformation
exploring the self it's really really
impressive the episode around your time
where you're reading your journals
really unfiltered I thought it was super
interesting and you had a couple like
what seemed like pretty big moments for
you that I think you've carried with you
moving forward walk us through like what
the experience was like and what those
moments were you know you might remember
more than me if you listened to it
recently and that's one of the scary
things you know it's some I think this
stuff you is is a practice as much as
I'd like it to be boom I got it and
breakthrough moment I have it forever
now I'm not sure it is so much a lot of
this stuff I guess I shouldn't this was
maybe another brick I'm gonna jump back
what was that in January this year my
dad died and then I knew my dad was
gonna die he was sick for a while and
one of the one that why it's a brick one
of the gifts I got from him and dying
was that it reminded me I'm gonna die
too which of course I knew in my head
but like really reminded me and made me
look at this list of stuff that I was
putting off that I was gonna do know
when I'm when I'm done being popular I
was gonna do this stuff I was like nice
probably do that now so like on that
list was like landmark on that list of
like started podcast on that list with
spending time in solitude I'm just gonna
like do that stuff because it's calling
to me
so I Google like where or I can go for a
meditation retreat that that's a lead
and I think there's a lot of value to
that but I was just curious like what
happens when I'm totally alone so I
found this place in Colorado is called
Vitara mandala Buddhist monastery they
have these like cabins that are each one
is set up for you to be like totally
alone
so I give the monasteries guy Pema sweet
dude eats like put your stuff in the
back of the truck drives me up he's like
here's the wooden stove here's like the
axe there's a radio like if you're dying
call us but if not like do your thing
and he just left me and there was no
like guidance minute he was just like
see you in a week and there was a clock
there but I thought well since I'm here
I'll see what it's like without clocks
do I put that in the drawer and I never
took it out and so there's like a
meditation cushion there and I sit on it
close my eyes and the first thing my
mind does it starts to make up tasks for
me to accomplish so I'm sitting there
it's like you know there's some spices
that whoever was here before you left
you should really like organize those
and put them in like the right order
maybe alphabetical and it's like you
know you have an exercise they each play
like run up that hill three times you
know how many of your so-called goals
you know are just there cuz you're
scared of being alone in a room you're
just making them up to feel productive
there's a quote I think it's uh Blaise
Pascal he says I might have a word or
two off he says all of men's problems
stem from the fact that he cannot sit
quietly alone in a room it turns out and
it's like really hard to do that I know
[Music]
about was that was one lesson you know
and and there were period I want to
glorify him and there are periods of
like real boredoms not strong enough
like despair when I was there I remember
he said at one point you actually for a
few minutes considered suicide as a
reasonable option and that isn't
and so like just one day I'm gonna get
to it said I wake up one day this may be
the day to in like I have my options I
wake up I'm gonna go to the bathroom in
the outhouse I'm gonna meditate I'm
gonna drink water I'm gonna go for a
walk yeah I can't decide what order
doesn't like literally that because not
no one else is there to talk to and no
one so I'm watching my mind like that's
the show and this is what my mind does
all the time but I'm really noticing
like that's how I live my life normally
I can't decide what to do am i doing it
right is the real underlying question
and that that implies that there's a
right way to do life and so that was
like lesson two is the only wrong way to
do a day is to believe there's a right
way to do a day you know it's to waste
your time worrying about if you're doing
it right that's the only wrong way so
then I then I decided tomorrow I'm gonna
just do what I want the whole time
it's our wake-up crack Adonis sun's not
up yet you know and I look at everything
around me is changing even the but like
this body's different than it was a year
ago even like the date like these
fingernails are longer than they were
when I got here
I'm noticing everything's changing
except for like the eye in me and I've
tried to change that with the work and
so you know people throw around that
word like present like after present but
then I realized how always will be
present so the rest of my life we'll
just be exactly like this so then the
next thought was like well why do you
have to live the rest of the life then
you know what its gonna be like
and how do you get out of the present I
don't know if you can't so that's what I
thought about well there's a knife in
the kitchen here yet and I was like no
you should probably just like sleep this
one off dude and so I wasn't like really
click I want to be clear I wasn't like
really close to killing myself but I
thought about I'm thinking about these
things like the real heart of like
existence like what it means to be alive
and presents and what it means to
actually be present like not in the
future not in the past
have you read Nelson Mandela's long walk
to freedom dude read it you you will
love the book of this I assure you and
he talks about solitary confinement and
what it does and he goes into this whole
diatribe which as I was listening to
your podcast I was just like oh my the
human mind cannot deal with boredom like
it is just wired to never allow itself
to be bored and that's why the ultimate
punishment is to put somebody into
solitary a oftentimes they start
hallucinating I was actually waiting for
a story about you having some
hallucinations and maybe because you had
nature and all that and you were
journaling that probably helped but when
people are really really like locked
down I started yeah that literally when
there's no there's no transition from
night to day like the human mind just is
not wired for that so it's really
interesting that that level of isolation
had the which by the way those were the
I'll say that to sort of key
breakthroughs that you talked about in
the podcast it's very very interesting
to see that forcing yourself through
that really crystallizes the sense of
the I the version of me that's sort of
reading the world and interpreting
everything that's ever present it's
everywhere that I go and so ultimately
becomes the only thing that matters
because it's the filter through which
I'm going to experience everything in my
life and then you also said that you
know walking away from that I felt like
okay it's easy to find peace in the
mountains but now that my career is
taking off again can I come back off the
mountain back down into
and can I still have that kind of piece
I'm super curious like what's that
experience like
are you still striving as hard as ever
to make great music because at one point
you were saying that you wanted to win
song of the year and album of the year
at the Grammys like are these still
things that you're striving towards and
if so how do you balance the two of
really finding that deep piece that I
can totally feel you going for and have
ambition that's a great question
I'm starting to kind of just make peace
with my ambition meaning not trying to
get rid of it I try to get rid of it in
fact I think that would probably make it
works you know it's a part of me it's
like embarrassed that I would care about
like winning a Grammy and part of me
really doesn't care you know but part of
me really does so what do you do with
that you know and so I think there's I
kind of two schools of thought they were
born and like it's possible to like work
on yourself to extricate yourself from
desire and I don't know how realistic
that really is you know to not have
desire if I got rid of that desire be
something else you know maybe it's not
necessary to get rid of my ego my my
desires my selfishness which are all
exist would make peace with them I think
it's kind of go back to the law of
attraction things like the more you
focus on like I have this desire that I
don't like the more you're gonna get
that so I still make music I really like
to make music it's really fun I'm not
sure I could stop my it's tricky when
you do something you love for a living
and you're in you're successful at it
you know which I'm blessed to be you are
to do you are you after you get the
success are you doing this because you
want more success or you still love it
what answers probably both
people people myself included it's nice
to be liked you know do I think like if
everyone hated me I could figure out how
to be happy yeah I'd like to think so
all right so what I really want to know
is how you express your drive so you
learn to play guitar quite late in life
I'm not mistaken so how did you go about
that like as somebody who's taking
guitar lessons that that's a big task
especially if you can already create
music other ways after the way my first
sort of like wave of popularity had
crashed you know I went from like doing
concerts all over the world like taking
my shirt off at shows was making more
money than I deserved to like overnight
kind of having like a completely open
schedule and I just like a lone in my
house and so it's kind of similar to the
I guess solitude moment in a different
way
years before which was like um what I
want to do you know do I even still want
to do music because I don't have to
you're just like nothing to do right now
um it reminded me I don't know if I had
heard at the time but it it reminds me
of it was like the Steve Jobs moment
where he just gets fired from Apple and
he has this moment that hey I actually
really even though I've been fired I
still really love what I do and so he
starts another tech company next and I
felt like that even though like I'm not
as popular as I was I still really love
music and so I thought maybe I'll take
just trying to get better at music I
didn't know I didn't know how to play
guitar at all I didn't not played piano
at all so I just saw like minute all it
takes like some piano lessons and I
found this like you who became my mentor
his name was Norman Henry Mamie
mmm he became sort of like a father
figure to me I just did exactly what he
said I just got really into it and I
went like that um
and I will and I just same thing we
could tell I'm a big believer in
teachers you know big believer in
teachers like I couldn't I couldn't get
that good just like YouTube playing on
my own I had that guy that relationship
that I'm accountable to makes a big
difference how do you find a great
teacher um the best way is like you have
someone else you trust who's good
that recommends them yes my guitar
teacher I found through James Valentine
replacing room five he's like this is my
teacher and he's awesome you know that's
that's how I learned just practicing
you know pride and ego we just gonna
suck for a while you know but it's like
you're get good it's it's it's easy to
get frustrated like after a day's work I
can't really worked hard on that but
like if you do that for a month it's
like it's crazy what you can accomplish
speaking of hard work there's a great
quote by Jay Z you think I work this
hard to stay the same you've talked a
lot about like in your change like when
I think about even just the persona of
you and like the boom chicka wow wow
song to now the the change is incredible
yeah you quoted Gandhi as saying I have
no allegiance to consistency only to
truth truth yeah there's a story round
as he said I don't know how true it is
but ramadasa tell the story about Gandhi
that he was this is where the quote
comes from that he was leading a march
and there is like thousands of people
following him and there were some
particulars details like it's a holiday
or something maybe something with the
police or something
and he decided
this March is actually do more harm than
good and everyone's concen liked it you
can't cancel the March now like look and
he said my allegiance is not to
consistency is the truth and so he
called off the March you know and I
think that's important you know it's
important and it's it's tough so like
you got to reassess so now you have this
additional layer which is success so for
you to change could actually be really
expensive like in a really real way how
do you not get trapped by that for
instance
obviously to write another song that's
in the same vein as I took a pill in
Ibiza it's I'm sure everybody wants you
to do that but then how do you stay true
to where you are creatively like even
mansions right like the way that you it
you can line up your interviews and even
if you block the hair and I couldn't see
that you had green hair which you did
for pretty much every interview you give
on mansions but even if I couldn't see
that I could tell literally from the
first sentence this is a mansions
interview like the way you talk like the
the presents that you had everything was
just different yeah and so you clearly
have not been afraid to make pretty
radical changes in the way that you
present yourself like honestly today
when I was doing the research I'm like I
actually don't know who I'm gonna get I
don't know if I'm gonna get podcast mic
if I'm gonna get mansions mic you know
if I'm gonna get sort of mainstream pop
mic like that you're very capable of
going and like these really and when
you're in that Lane you're crazy
consistent but then you'll be in the
next interview and you'll be radically
different and I'm like what the [__]
it's so it's so fascinating because it's
an artist what I've read about musicians
especially is their big torment is my
fans my managers everybody they want me
to the hit was here and to just keep
being that and the irony is so this is
full confession
so Spotify just recommends music to me
all the time right so
as I began the research there were like
three songs that I have of you and my
playlist I didn't know were you I didn't
know the mansion stuff was you I should
have because your voice is so [__]
unique but it was so different than the
other stuff that it didn't click and so
when I started looking I was like Jesus
even musically you're like capable of
not only writing for people all across
the map but even when you do it yourself
it's wildly different and so while I'm a
huge believer in change I love change
but has an artist man [__] like if I
rolled up one day and just did the
interview style totally different people
be like [__] like and I would be tense
to do it because it's like I want a
guest to know like there's consistency
and you don't have to worry and you know
you're gonna get so it's amazing I'm
super inspired by it and I'm just
wondered like how much of that is like
conscious like I'm feeling this and want
to express it and how much is like just
you don't even think about it it's when
I feel green I'd dye my hair green I
think in the past I felt that everyone
wants me to stay the same so I would
overcompensate you see them saying I
know instead of like just doing what I
want to do I might do the opposite of
what everyone wants me to do just to
prove I am still autonomous tactically
how have you dealt with people that like
so you've even said like my parents for
instance at times didn't like when I was
changing so what do you do when it's
somebody like that especially that
you're so close to I got to do what I
think is true to myself and the reality
is if you don't do what you want to do
because of what someone else says or
what you think someone else is gonna say
which a lot of times is in what they're
gonna say you're gonna resent that
person so it's gonna mess the
relationship up anyways you might as
well do what you think is true to
yourself and real and
what I found is by by doing that by
expressing myself what I've gotten over
the years of these these are these
amazing relationships where people
accept that I do that and now I have the
space to do that and my fans now yeah I
lose some along the way oh yeah I'm sure
you know but a lot of the ones that I
have now know they know for sure my next
album is going to be different than my
last one like that's what they're a fan
of now I had this moment this this
summer I was in a kayaking trip with my
friends at the time I had this huge
beard and one of my friends was like you
got the beard man yeah he was like is
that one brand and I was like dude I'm
the brand like whatever I do that's the
brand so I think that's how I deal with
they just do like what I feel is true to
me and in time like the people who
really care like care to love me and in
love is just accepting someone how they
are right now and how they aren't right
now that's what love is so the people
that accept me how I am that love me
they accept that I change I get that for
sure I'd be very remiss not to ask about
your dad and what you went through what
were like what did you learn what did
you take away how did that shift your
perspective yeah thanks for asking it's
one thing I'm learning my dad died about
11 months ago so coming up on a year one
thing I'm learning is this this thing
changes over time
my dad had brain cancer so he was sick
about 10 months where we knew he was
going to
- when you did die and in that time
period I got to say goodbye I got to
tell him why his life was meaningful in
my eyes like what what he did for me the
impact he had on me and I got to tell
them it was okay to go I got and I got
to tell him I'll be okay when you go
I'll miss you but I'll be okay so so
wherever you have to go wherever you
have to do right now you have my
blessing when my father passed away I
didn't really feel I didn't feel sad
I felt like my father a lot of my
friends - my father's my father 29 years
I'm not gonna complain cuz I know
34 31 and I had an amazing father you
know and so I remember I remember his
funeral and like we had all that the
family or it to celebrate I just thought
it was like the most beautiful day that
everyone we love was here honoring dad
and everyone I love is around me and I
had a dad it was a celebration and the
relationship I have with my mother now
[Music]
I went it hat if it wasn't for landmark
and my dad done wouldn't have this
relationship with my mom all right
before I asked my last question where
can these guys find you
oh man it's all under my name Mike
Posner I think I have yes like all this
social media ones my name nice and
simple mm-hmm all right what's the
impact that you want to have in the
world I'd like to start with that
International Peace Day you know I think
that if we could achieve that as humans
and I don't want it to be my if that
ever were to happen which I think it can
it wouldn't be like Mike did that you
know it would have to be a lot of people
working on it and hopefully like I yeah
I'd just be a part of it but yeah I
think if that happened I would feel
fulfilled like I made it made a
difference I won't I don't want to die
feeling like I didn't do I didn't give
everything I had
I got scared somewhere and I didn't try
that idea so I want to start there and
then if that happens I think of
something else
sounds good yeah awesome man thank you
so much for coming on the show is
incredible all right guys here is the
astonishing thing about a story I love
that the unimaginable heights of success
that he's experienced have been born out
of just an immeasurably deep
self-experimentation process that is out
there for everybody to watch and the
thing that I find so interesting about
him it's literally like he's
experimenting with all of this stuff
from doing the isolation to going to
India to meeting with gurus interviewing
Deepak Chopra I mean like on and on and
on the number of things that he's done
to self experiment on himself and he's
making it all available both in the
songs when you start listening to the
lyrics you realized what he's up to
the poetry is unbelievable by the way
and I'm normally super skeptical about
people saying that they do poetry check
out his book tear drops and balloons it
is incredible and
he's about to launch an album where he's
actually performing the poems in life
concerts which having heard him perform
one of the poems
it's unbelievable his performances are
as amazing as the poetry is in and of
itself so check it out go on this
journey with him follow his podcast it
is incredible the way that he's inviting
people into his world does he really
does experience the self transformation
to reflect back on it to share his
journal entries all of it is so raw it's
insane so if you've ever wondered about
this stuff for yourself there are
somebody right now going through all of
it for you sharing it and sharing what's
working what's not working it's
absolutely incredible all right guys if
you haven't already be sure to subscribe
and until next time my friends be
legendary
take care what's up in packages if
you've ever failed your New Year's
resolutions we've created a free guide
just for you the resolution reality
checklist it teaches you how to write
smarter resolutions so you will actually
crush this year you can download it
today at info impact Theory comm forward
slash resolutions